Init cluster/build05 (#25896)
openshift/release: clusters/build-clusters/build05/README.md

# Cluster build05

[build05](https://console-openshift-console.apps.build05.gcp.ci.openshift.org) is an OpenShift-cluster managed by DPTP-team. It is one of the clusters for running Prow job pods.

The secrets have been uploaded to BitWarden items.

* the key file for the service account `ocp-cluster-installer`: BitWarden item `build_farm_build02`.
* the SSH key pair (`id_rsa` and `id_rsa.pub`): BitWarden item `build_farm_build02`.
* The auth info for `kubeadmin` and the cert-based kubeconfig file (attachment `b05.admin.cert.kubeconfig`): BitWarden item `build_farm_build05`. (TODO: hongkliu)

## Installation

### GCP Project
The gcp project `openshift-ci-build-farm` for installation of this cluster: [gcp console](https://console.cloud.google.com/home/dashboard?project=openshift-ci-build-farm). The project is created by [DPP team](hhttps://issues.redhat.com/browse/DPP-4926).

> ### Base domain, Service account and Public Key
> We reused the public zone "gcp.ci.openshift.org" for [build02](../02_cluster) which is the base domain for installer, and the service account `ocp-cluster-installer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Base domain, Service account and Public Key
We reused the public zone "gcp.ci.openshift.org" for [build05](../05_cluster) which is the base domain for installer, and the service account `ocp-cluster-installer`.
```

> Download the attachment "openshift-ci-build-farm-64e4ce412ae3.json" and `id_rsa.pub` of BW item `build_farm_build02`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the attachment "openshift-ci-build-farm-64e4ce412ae3.json" and `id_rsa.pub` of BW item `build_farm_build05`.
```

### Region

> `build02` and `build04`: `us-east1`.

Reviewer: Do we need to mentiopn b02 and b04 in a b05 README?
